I am no rocket man they talk about I
jump from star to star I'll walk you
down
I am the rocket man they talk about what
is going on guys shabbir playing some
drop zone on him village call duty mon
warfare 3 rolling with a riot shield and
then my trollese which are the kimbo FM
and geez because no one cares on this
game mode it's not like oh my god you're
using new weapons and just like what the
hell is going on because it's a complete
shitshow as you will see in a second
it's all spam no one cares or take it
that seriously so this is what I call a
community playlist or something that
they added into the game modes that's an
option so you'll see that when you're
going to play a game you'll have your
standard then you'll play your hardcore
and then there's one below that's
there's a third option it's crazy now I
will talk about what I'm running and
what exactly is going on here one thing
I will suggest right away is having a
drop zone specific class so have your
riot shield and then whatever you're
most powerful secondaries are probably a
Kimbo because usually you really won't
be shooting that many guys it's running
to the point where you'll have the drop
zone you stand in it and then it'll drop
care packages what I have noticed is
that it'll drop a personal care package
to you but also have one for your team
that they can also capture so one thing
you just saw right there is people get
crushed all the time it's pretty funny
and no one takes his game mode once
again too seriously it's about being
crazy having fun that's what call duty
is to me it's just crazy fast paced
nonsense the bonus tip is if you want to
level up your ride shield this game mode
is great because once again no one takes
it that seriously and if you play like
shit no one will really care you will
see pop up on the screen earn the care
package so that's when you know you have
a personal care package coming once
again your team and others can capture
it but you will have that faster capture
rate because it's for you you will also
notice when I am in the capture zone
there is a plus 20 so everyone on your
team in the capture zone is getting
those points and those add to your
bottom left-hand score trying to get to
the winning number watching this you
might be wondering but should be what
the hell is that satellite thing you're
carrying around as you know a call of
duty you get one
equipment so my equipment for this is
the trophy system which will deflect
grenades and also predator strikes a lot
of people don't know it if you have not
played drop zone yet you might not have
noticed there are no killstreaks at
first I'm like okay I'm going to be
dying a lot right I should run support
that way even if i die my point streak
is still going however killstreaks
everything even specialists are disabled
that way you can't just get something
crazy overpowered and basically get that
right away and then completely destroy
the other team because your team will
then get all the drops most likely
because you can spawn trap at that point
and it's over that would be kind of
balanced as you see in the gameplay
right now the enemies earn their care
package but then we killed them and then
stole it so that's one gameplay mechanic
that happens often one thing you should
notice in the gameplay is that the big
airdrop has just come in so we're going
to get a bunch of care packages and it
randomly happens throughout the match to
my knowledge so I already covered the
trophy system a little bit i'm also
running at c4 c4 is pretty nice if the
enemy has the point you want to throw
that on there and blow it up probably
getting double to triple kills also you
could run semtex I would recommend that
as well maybe not so much frag grenade
because people will be expecting a lot
of spam coming at them and they'll throw
it back at you in this game play I'm
playing with five friends so we have it
set up where at least three of us are
running the ride shield and the rest
people like incredible orb who is just
an amazing cod player will be destroying
people with his mp7 I'm gonna level with
you guys you know be honest for a second
I've only played probably about 10 drops
of matches so am I the drop zone rocket
man they talk about oh no not really but
one thing I can say for sure is
capturing the first point when the round
starts and start building up those kill
streaks or drops it really helps you out
throughout the match because you'll have
things to use such as radar you might
get an attack chopper all these things
help you throughout the match and it can
keep you steamrolling through it okay
let's get something more concrete
shipped okay so you and five buddies you
may or have may not
before our on a sled on top of the hill
on the other team six guys maybe girls
who you've never met before they may be
super hot it might be Megan Fox but you
really just don't know all right so if
you're still with me here two teams on
top of the hill and one sled trying to
get down the hill to save Gilbert from
getting eaten by the Cookie Monster so
continuing with our one hundred percent
accurate real life simulation of drop
zone getting to the first capture point
first and starting to earn those care
drops to use against the enemy team is
like lubrication for your sled to get
down the hill if you guys get me so
having that momentum throughout the
match will help you get the most lube
and get down the hill makes sense to me
so we win the match we got care drops on
care drops and Cookie Monster does not
eat Gilbert because we have a lot of
loot yeah and getting shot in the foot
toes bro toast there we go so I think I
did pretty decently you know helping out
the team score wise and kill wise not
dying too much but this is drop zone do
you guys even like drop zone so question
of the day have you guys played drop
zone and what do you think viewer
question on the video coming in through
twitter from rot fish but should be what
is your favorite smoothie flavor i'd say
blueberries and chocolates house so that
about wraps up the video guys if you'd
like to rate and comment take two
seconds to do so that would be wonderful
subscribe for more of the button right
up there Twitter Facebook available in
the video description and that's it so
hopefully I'll see you next time